# Entitlements: ITOM Enterprise

© 2023 ServiceNow, Inc.

**[http://www.servicenow.com](http://www.servicenow.com)** (^1) Effective as of February 2, 2023 Discovery; Event Management; Operational Intelligence; Cloud Management; Service Mapping; Integration Hub and Orchestration applications An ITOM Enterprise Node includes the number of Discovery, Event Management, Operational Intelligence, Cloud Management and Service Mapping Nodes as described below. **Discovery** application includes discovery of all supported configuration item (CI) types and entitlement for the number of Discovery Nodes at a 1:1 ratio to purchased ITOM Enterprise Nodes. A Discovery Node is any physical or virtual server that is: (i) discovered by the Discovery application; and (ii) assigned as a CI by Configuration Management (CMDB). **Event Management** application includes entitlement for up to the number of Event Management Nodes at a 1:1 ratio to purchased ITOM Enterprise Nodes. An Event Node is a physical or virtual server for which events can be reported on (directly or indirectly) to the Event Management application. **Operational Intelligence** (OI) application includes entitlement for: (i) the number of purchased OI Nodes at a 1:1 ratio to purchased ITOM Enterprise Nodes; and (ii) 120 OI MetricBase Series annually per each purchased OI Node at a 1:120 ratio. One (1) ITOM Enterprise Node : 120 OI MetricBase Series. An OI Node is a physical or virtual server for which the series data can be reported to the OI application. A MetricBase Series is a single data point indexed in a time order and monitored and stored in accordance with a defined retention policy.An OI MetricBase Series is monitored and stored for 13 months under the following retention policy: 1 minute increments for 8 days then 10 minute increments for 94 days then 1 hour increments for 13 months. An OI MetricBase Series is for use only in the Operational Intelligence Application. Additional monthly OI MetricBase Series require Customer purchase MetricBase Series for Operational Intelligence. **Cloud Management** application. Includes entitlement for up to the number of Cloud Management Nodes at a 1:1 ratio to purchased ITOM Enterprise Nodes. A Cloud Management Node is a public or private virtual server provisioned and/or managed by the Cloud Management application. **Service Mapping** application includes service mapping of all supported configuration item (CI) types and entitlement for the number of Service Mapping Nodes at a 10:1 ratio to purchased ITOM Enterprise Nodes. Ten (10) ITOM Enterprise Nodes : One (1) Service Mapping Node. A Service Mapping Node is any physical or virtual server CI that is mapped by Service Mapping in the CMDB. **Orchestration Core** Application includes: Activity Designer; Activity Packs; Password Reset; Client Software Distribution Applications and IntegrationHub. Regardless of the number of purchased ITOM Enterprise Nodes, Orchestration Core includes entitlement for up to 1000 Orchestration Transactions per month is provided (unused Orchestration Transactions expire monthly). An Orchestration Transaction is any external call from workflow using Orchestration. Usage is measured monthly in production instance(s), based on the maximum Transactions in a given 12 month period. Additional monthly Orchestration Transactions require Customer purchase Orchestration Core Transaction Packs. The following application(s) became available according to the release indicated below. IntegrationHub Kingston


