
### Major Benefits of Heat Pumps: Explained

4 For this comparison, the lower and higher prices used are $1.20 1.75/therm for gas; $0.14 0.20/kWh for electricity; $2.75 3.75/ gallon for oil; and $2.50 3.60/gallon for propane. _Efficiency_ : Air source heat pumps can heat a home at efficiencies of well over 400 percent in cool weather. For comparison, conventional heating systems that run on gas, oil, or propane have efficiencies between 8097 percent. Burning fossil fuels for heating can never reach 100 percent, because some heat will always go up the chimney, along with moisture and other combustion byproducts. That leaves you paying for a lot more “heating potential” than what you actually get in your house. But when the heat pump efficiency is calculated, the useful heat delivered is much larger than the energy you buy at the meter. In a cold climate, the average efficiency for an entire winter is typically in the 200-250 percent range. That means over a winter, you get between two and almost three times the amount of heat for your house than what you buy at the meter. That translates to dollars saved! Cooling efficiencies are much higher, too. Cold-climate heat pumps with variable speed capacity typically cool at twice the efficiency of common window ACs. _Heating costs_ : If your existing heat is low-cost natural gas, you may pay somewhat less to heat your house than with an air-source heat pump. If electric rates are lower, and gas rates are higher, that can easily flip. At a range of expected electric and fuel costs as shown in the chart (bottom-right), the heat pump beats any other fuel for heating cost. The degree of savings depends on your fuel and electric prices, so a range is shown for comparison. 4

##### Affordable Technology Efficiency and Heating Costs


 Remember too that unless you are currently heating with electric baseboards or other electric heaters (such as radiant panels), your electric bill will likely go up in the winter, possibly quite a bit. The heat pump uses electricity to operate; but of course, your fuel bills will also go down. If you start with a full tank of oil or propane, it may take a month or two before you start seeing the heating cost savings that balance out those higher electric bills.

##### Heat Pumps Are Clean Energy and Getting Cleaner

5 The emissions levels for electricity vary significantly by state; in some areas of the Midwest and plain states, the emissions from a heat pump currently may slightly exceed those of natural gas. **ASHP Myth #2: Heat pumps are expensive to operate** A lot of older heat pump models had low heat output and relied on costly electric backup heat. Frequent installation problems led to excessive use of electric heat. Most cold climate heat pumps have high heat output and don’t even have electric backup heaters. If reducing your carbon footprint is a priority, heat pumps are the cleanest option available because of their extreme efficiency. Unlike burning oil or gas, which will always produce carbon emissions, electricity from the grid that powers heat pumps tends to get greener every year. In the chart at right, average equivalent carbon emissions from the heat pump (for the northern US) are significantly lower than any other fuel. 5 Moreover, in many areas you can choose “green” energy options from your electric company that may be partly or completely generated by renewable energy or other green technologies. For those who want the ultimate clean energy heating and cooling system, solar electric (photovoltaic or “PV”) may allow you to generate 100 percent of the electricity needed to operate your heat pump, renewably. If you have a suitable location with solar access, net-zero or close to net-zero annual emissions is possible for many homes equipped with these technologies.


The two main types of air source heat pumps, ducted and ductless, each have hundreds of models available on the market today. This means there are thousands of system configurations (a “configuration” is a specific arrangement of outdoor and indoor unit types) for all different types of home layouts. Ducted and ductless heat pumps can be custom-designed, mixed, and matched to meet your home’s heating and cooling needs. 6 **Ducted Heat Pumps** (left) use your home’s existing ductwork (or new ducts if needed) to disperse heated or cooled air throughout your home. The unit is connected with an outdoor compressor, and replaces a traditional central system like a furnace, or a furnace with AC. Many ducted heat pumps are centrally ducted systems that serve many rooms or an entire house. A variant of ducted systems known as “compact-ducted” uses much smaller air handlers that usually serve two to four rooms. **Ductless Heat Pumps** (right), are often called “mini-split” heat pumps. A ductless unit or “head” is easier to install where there is no existing ductwork, and typically serves one room or area of a house. Ductless heads are usually mounted high on the wall as shown, but versions are also available to mount low on the wall, or embedded in the ceiling. **Single vs. Multi Zone** A single-zone heat pump pairs one outdoor unit with one indoor unit. The most common single-zone configuration for ASHPs is the “ductless mini-split” shown to the right, but single-zone systems can also be ducted. A home can have several, separate single-zone systems. A “multi-zone” configuration is a single outdoor unit paired with two or more indoor units, to accommodate multiple indoor areas or “zones”. Multi-zone configurations can include multiple ducted or ductless units, or a mix of both.

##### Healthy and Safe

 On top of being highly efficient machines with a lighter carbon footprint, heat pumps are able to filter and dehumidify air, which can improve the air quality and comfort of your home. Also, by using electricity rather than burning fossil fuels to heat your home, heat pumps help eliminate the worry of gas leaks and carbon monoxide poisoning, and can reduce the danger of potential fires or explosion.

##### Customizable Solutions: Ducted and Ductless ASHPs

6 Photos p. 8 & p. 17 top-right taken from Mitsubishi Heating & Cooling Illustration Gallery, used with permission from Mitsubishi Electric Trane HVAC US

LLC, 2019 (^8)


 The type of heat pump that makes the most sense depends on your situation. Below are some scenarios that can help you to gauge what is the right type of heat pump installation for you, your house, and your budget.

#### What Configuration of Heat Pump is Right for my Home?

 A low-wall or “floor mounted” unit can be a great replacement for an old radiator If your home already has a furnace (a centrally ducted system that blows warm air from registers in the floor, walls, or ceiling), it may make sense to install a central ducted heat pump that either replaces, or in some cases supplements, the furnace. However, if existing ducts are mostly in the attic, garage, and/or crawlspace, they may leak so much heat and air conditioning into those spaces that it’s better to add new ductless units. If your home has hot water/electric heat baseboards or radiators, some ductless units or a combination of ductless and ducted may be the perfect solution. From one or two zones that can focus heating and cooling where they are needed the most, to a more comprehensive system that covers the whole house, a heat pump system can improve your comfort, reduce energy costs, and add air conditioning at the same time. A typical whole-house system may consist of two to five ductless units, or a combination with one or two ductless units and a compact-ducted system for the bedrooms. If you have steam heat, a wholehouse system is often the best option; with other baseboard or radiator systems, you can go with whole-house or use the “start small” approach described below. You may have one room or area of the house that is never comfortable, perhaps a room over a garage or a basement space. 7 Perhaps you are planning an addition and you’re surprised at how expensive it is to extend your existing heating system to serve it. A single ductless unit may be a great choice for heating and cooling. That may be all you need, or it might be the first step in a “start small” approach (explained below).

###### I have an existing duct system

###### I have baseboards or radiators

###### I have one room with heating/cooling needs

7 Photos p. 4, p. 8 top-right, top-left, p. 9 bottom-left, p. 16 right, p. 18 taken from GoingDuctless.com Ductless Image Library, used with permission from the NW Ductless Heat Pump Project, 2019


If your existing system isn’t near the end of its life, think about installing one or two single zone ductless units where they can do the most for you – in the family room, in the living/dining/kitchen area of an open plan house, or in the master bedroom. Once you get some experience using them, see how well they work, and how well they can heat and cool the whole house when the weather isn’t extreme. Then you can plan on getting some help with weatherization (below), and when you’re ready (or when your main heating system needs replacement) you can finish the job. At that point, if you can avoid replacing the existing heating system, the added cost to add more heat pumps to heat and cool your whole house may be minimal. 8 8 Photos p. 9 right, p. 10 bottom-right by John Curtis © 2002 Reprinted with permission from Insulate and Weatherize by Bruce Harley, published by the Taunton Press. 9Energy STAR, DIY Guide to Sealing and Insulating: [http://www.energystar.gov/sites/default/files/asset/document/DIY_Guide_](http://www.energystar.gov/sites/default/files/asset/document/DIY_Guide_) 2016 .pdf

###### I’m building a new home or doing a major renovation

Any new or major rehab project is a good prospect for an air source heat pump. If it’s a smaller house or apartment, and built to current energy efficiency standards, often just one or two ductless units can do the job well. Or you could use a compact-ducted system for the bedrooms, plus a ductless unit for the main living space. Bigger is not better: in any sized home, a properly-sized heat pump will save you money on the installation, and that savings can help pay for energy upgrades to the building. “Over-sized” systems (systems that are much bigger than needed) cost more to install and cost more to operate, and that’s why it’s important to start small. _Weatherize_ Improving your home’s efficiency by insulating, air sealing, and other weatherization steps will help your heat pumps work more effectively. Take advantage of home energy assessments and any programs that may be available to help you weatherize. Whether you do it first, or as a step in the “start small” approach, weatherizing will save you money on heating and cooling, improve your comfort, and (as with heat pumps) may be financed through incentives or rebates to help pay for it. See the weatherization/home performance section in this guide. 9 Other resources on weatherization or home performance may be available on your electric or gas utility website, or from your state energy office

###### Start small


### System Installation and Maintenance Costs

 The cost to install a heat pump varies widely. It will depend on the type of system, the installer, the area where you live, whether you need any pre-work such as electric service upgrade, and any rebates that are available. A very rough cost range for basic ductless or compact-ducted systems is somewhere between $3,000-6,000 for each room or space being served directly by an indoor head or supply duct. Different brands vary in price, efficiency and features. Central ducted systems are less expensive on a per-room basis, if you already have ducts that are suitable to use for the system. But if the duct system needs significant upgrades this can add hundreds or even thousands to the total. Of course, added features or accessories like flooror ceiling-mounted ductless systems, remote wall-mounted thermostats, or surge protectors all add to the cost, but they may be valuable additions. Complicated or tricky installation conditions, wiring upgrades, extra building code or permit requirements, and other similar situations also cost more, but may be bottom-line prerequisites for the job. The cost to install a brand-new heat pump shouldn’t be evaluated only on the dollar savings for heating and cooling your house. The cost may be fully or partly justified by increased comfort, greenhouse gas savings, and other benefits. Also, there are a number of situations that make the investment timely and affordable. Factors that can reduce cost and encourage you to consider a heat pump sooner rather than later, include:

- If your existing heating system is getting older, you might consider     supplementing or replacing it with a heat pump before it fails     completely. This will give you time to shop around for the best     replacement system. Remember, the true cost to install the heat pump     system is merely the difference between its full cost and what you     would have spent on a new boiler or furnace.

- If you’re considering installing a new central air conditioner, or     replacing an existing one, a heat pump may cost only a little more and     will provide heating as well as cooling. Or, several ductless heat pumps     may cost less than a new central air conditioner in a home without     ducts; but unlike an AC system it can heat your house for most or all of     the winter, saving money all year.

- If you heat with oil, propane or electricity, a heat pump can save     significantly on heating costs. What you spend to maintain the heat pump should be similar to other HVAC systems. If you change or clean the filters regularly yourself, it should be adequate to have regular service checks every 2-3 years, similar to gas equipment, and less often than the annual visits needed for oil heaters.


### Part 2: How to Proceed Shop Like a Pro


###### Step 1: Plan ahead.

If you wait until your existing heating system fails, you won’t be able to find the right contractor or properly plan for a heat pump installation. Most likely you’ll get an updated version of exactly what you have now, which may not be the best choice. At the same time, the full installed cost of a heat pump often isn’t justified on energy cost savings alone. If you’re planning a renovation, if you have a comfort problem, or if your existing equipment is getting older (15 years is considered a typical lifetime for most furnaces and boilers), you will soon be spending money anyway on a system; now is the time to plan for a partial or full heat pump conversion.

###### Step 2: Find a quality installer.

Contact your trusted heating and cooling company and say you’re interested in a heat pump. Also, see if your local utility or rebate program has a list of qualified installers. This can also help ensure you receive any available rebates. You can find information on your local program’s website. You can also get referrals from family, friends, or neighbors.

###### Step 3: Shop around.

Once you find an installer, ask if they’ll do a free evaluation and quote. Avoid shopping only on price; the quality of the design and installation matters just as much. Think through the section “Additional guidance to help you choose the right system size and design” below, and talk over the options with your potential contractor(s). Make sure they have a reputable track record, and can service equipment when needed. If your contractor says “heat pumps don’t really work in cold climates” or “every heat pump needs a backup system”, find someone else. Remember, the lowest bid isn’t always the best value, and a high price doesn’t guarantee competence or quality.

###### Step 4: Insist on load calculations.

If you’re getting a ductless heat pump for the main living space and it’s clear that it won’t heat the whole house, it may be fine to estimate the heat pump size based on installer experience. But if you want to heat your entire home, the proposal should always start with a load calculation. This means the installer measures the rooms and window dimensions and makes a list of the insulation values in attics, walls, and basements, along with window types and direction. All are needed to calculate the amount of necessary heating and cooling to keep the house comfortable (called heating and cooling loads). This is often called a “Manual J” (the name of a widely recognized load calculation procedure). “Bigger” is not “better” when it comes to heat pumps. In fact “too big” can create real performance problems. Installers should always start with measurements of the house and avoid using additional “safety factors”; the procedures already have a healthy margin of safety built in. Also note that for multi-zone systems, it is extremely important to calculate loads correctly and avoid indoor units that are too large for the rooms they serve. Central systems and single-zone systems (ductless or ducted) are somewhat more forgiving, because they allow for a wider range of efficient operating conditions.
